[Music]
October 7
2023 1 1200 Hamas gunmen C through the
barrier separating the Gaza Strip from
Israel they overrun army bases and kill
more than 1,000
Israelis and foreign
Nationals they took dozens of children
bound them up burned them and executed
them a family of four Around The
Breakfast Table the father has ey gouged
out the mother's breast cut off the
girl's foot amputated the boy's fingers
cut off before they were
executed these accounts were used to to
justify an assault on Gaza that has
killed at least 31,000 Palestinians
13,000 of them
children finish them finish them don't
ever forget what
happened alzer's investigative unit has
carried out a forensic analysis of the
events of October
7 the eye unit examined 7 hours of
footage much of it taken from the head
cams of dead Hamas
Fighters
it reviewed the testimonies of hundreds
of survivors and compiled a
comprehensive list of
victims it found widespread war crimes
but discovered that many of the most
horrific stories were untrue
misinformation has been used and
sometimes deliberate disinformation has
been used by official spokespersons I'm
sorry to be graphic here but I I can't
see a baby here if you can activate
people's sense of disgust they're more
likely to support dire retribution
against
Palestinians it reveals some of the
victims were killed by Israeli forces
this footage I find very disturbing we
don't know who those individuals are
gunmen civilians or
hostages and it finds that October 7 may
have changed the politics of the region
forever I regret to say that I think it
was a phenomenal success from their
point of view October 7th has sent a
very strong and clear message no one can
bypass the
[Music]
Palestinians in Palestine there exist
many thriving communities built by
refugees who have already found a home
there the Israeli settlements known as
kibot Sim that surround the Gaza Strip
were built around the time of the
creation of the state of Israel in
1948 the immediate area around Gaza is
mostly
small villages kibuts in the early years
at least kibuts and other Villages had a
defense role and the idea was wherever
you establish the kibuts like this I
mean that would determine Israel's
border that would hold the
[Music]
Border today the kibuts are prosperous
farming communities
[Music]
the kibot seim are just a few kilometers
away from Gaza where 2.3 million people
live crammed in a thin strip of land 41
km
long most are from families that once
own land on the other side of the
fence 70% of the population in Gaza are
refugees and every day they go to the
fence and they would see their lands
their homes and lands Beyond this fence
and these lands belong to the
Palestinians it belonged to the
Palestinians they have lived there for
Millennia Hamas is an Arabic acronym for
the Islamic resistance movement it
controls Gaza after winning elections
that took place throughout Palestine in
2006 Hamas Advocates armed resistance to
Israel's occupation its policies and
actions have resulted in its being
designated a terrorist organization by
many Western
countries
Gaza has been under blockade since
2007 you could never imagine life in
Gaza except if you have lived in Gaza
and if you have experienced life in Gaza
especially when you are a
child all of the Vivid memories I have
of my time back then is funerals of
Martyrs bombs
f-16s tanks invading our homes thanks
invading our city these are my
[Music]
memories when you are in Gaza you would
always feel a sense that you are
imprisoned it's really a
prison in 2018 and 2019 gazen staged
Mass demonstrations demand Deming the
right to return to the lands they once
owned across the
fence the Palestinians felt led down
they felt deserted and they needed to
remind the world that they were still
there they were still hoping to return
to their
homelands the Israelis responded with
force their snipers targeted many young
men including journalists and
Medics hundreds of Palestinians were
assassinated or were murdered in this
[Music]
way I was a journalist back in Gaza and
I was there covering the march of return
and I have seen the horrors I saw a kid
getting a bullet in his head he was
still carrying his school bag Israel
says the killings are Justified because
the demonstrators POS a security threat
to the south of the country during the
Great March of retain we went peacefully
in
thousands but what was the response of
the International Community nothing
keeping the ears and eyes always closed
within this
context we have discussed in many times
in many sessions what can we do
generally there was a consensus in the
political Bureau we have to move we have
to take action if we don't do it
Palestine will be
forgotten totally and deleted from the
international map we have said it many
times the situation in Gaza is nearly to
explode and if it will happen we will
never allow it to explode inside the
cities we will direct to the Eastern
borders of Gaza Strip to those who are
oppressing and besieging and jailing our
people
for months Hamas train openly for the
incursion placing videos
online the Israelis even obtain a
detailed copy of the invasion
plan like all great strategic
surprises it was
misread this is never the lack of
intelligence information that leads to
an intelligence failure It's usually the
broken intelligence cycle
there was a woman in the primary
intelligence collection agency who was
responsible for intelligence regarding
Hamas who raised the flag
repeatedly and she got as high up as one
could get the chief of military
intelligence and he listened to her very
carefully and said yeah I don't buy it
they don't have the
capability
they have cheated
thems by the perception Gaza is
deterred Gaza and Hamas is thinking how
to solve their own internal problems how
to get some more money how to get more
jobs how to open the borders how to deal
with the
siege Hamas has no time and no ability
and no capability to do anything against
[Music]
Israel
invitation Hamas wrers receive
instructions to gather at assembly
points only then are they given details
of the
attack no one of the fighters have an
idea about this operation up to minutes
before the operation it was
so close and very few few members of the
M of the military leadership and maybe
one or two from the political Bureau who
were aware about the
operation by now reports of unusual
movements on the Garen side of the fence
reach military intelligence and shinb
Israel's internal security service in
the early hours of the morning there's
already pretty good information that
something is happening to the point that
the head of the shinette and
I think shortly after the chief of staff
all arrive in their offices 2 3 in the
morning and it is again it's written off
probably as being just another
exercise and the decision is to come
back in the morning and take a look at
it again of course between those hours
and then the attack at 6:30 a.m. was too
late Hamas Fighters storm the main
crossing point at
arz
allahar
it's one of at least 10 breaches in the
fence thousands of rockets are fired
into
Israel paragliders cross the
fence Hamas uses boats to attack targets
north of the Gaza
Strip what is impressive about it is
that there were a lot of synchronized
things that needed to happen for it to
succeed some very low Tech features up
against you know probably the most high
tech sort of military machine anywhere
out
[Music]
there simple drones not even
particularly sophisticated ones took out
a out of the radar the sensors that were
placed on top of all sorts of towers
took out Communications nodes that were
placed along the border so that in
effect they blinded the southern command
from the
[Music]
get-go Israel's first line of defense is
overwhelmed
[Music]
Hamas move on to attack military bases
throughout the
region among them is a base at paga a
few hundred M from the
[Music]
fence
Chris cob Smith is a human rights
investigator who served 20 years in the
British
military he analyzed video of The
Assault on paga this is clearly a
significant sized Israeli Defense Force
Base and how they've actually managed
to get through the perimeter and to take
by surprise this number of Israeli
Defense Force soldiers is just
staggering I just failed to see how this
can be allowed to have
happened I mean you can see here from
the the number of armored vehicles that
are around which don't seem to have been
started up just incredible have the
situation ever
occurred
for
military briefing documents are found on
dead Hamas
[Music]
Fighters they are giving written advice
on what type of anti-tank rockets and
missiles to use against the noova tank
this one is about armored personnel
carriers apcs so what type of IEDs you
can use against armored personal
carriers infantry fighting vehicles and
armored fighting Vehicles so yeah very
sophisticated again very
slick as reports of the attack begin to
come through Hamas leaders outside of
Gaza gathered to
[Music]
pray but the leadership was as surprised
as anyone by the Swift collapse of the
Israeli military anyone who have watched
this were surprised I myself I was
totally surprised how can this
happen Hamas people that have shared
their experience of what happened on 7th
of October with people I've spoken to
suggested they expected a far higher
casualty rate uh and expected that maybe
80 90% of those who set out on the 7th
of October would actually die as Marts
before they return back with hostages
into Gaza
City the opposite actually happened
exactly diametrically opposed nearly in
terms of only 10 to 15% of those
Fighters were killed before they made it
into Israeli settlements the resistance
was so underwhelming from a Hamas point
of view that they had absolute freedom
to
maneuver Hamas find themselves with the
towns and kibot Sim at their
Mercy just 5 km from the fence thousands
of young people are gathered for a music
[Music]
festival based on my information they
were not aware that there is a musical
festival in the
area there was a surprise they were
finding hundreds of youngsters
celebrating through the whole night in
the early morning still being up out in
a music
festival
[Applause]
[Music]
stop stop
hundreds of unarmed party goers are
killed some take refuge in the small
bomb shelters that dot the main
Highway they are
trapped
spe
[Music]
for
one
[Music]
gunmen quickly penetrate civilian
communities
but their unexpected success exposes the
limitations of Hamas as a military
force once the gunmen get access to the
kbot they really don't seem to know
exactly what they're doing where they're
going or what they want to achieve
they're wandering aimlessly they're
shouting to each other they're arguing
with each other from the footage here
looks like the soldiers clearly come
under effective enemy fire they're not
doing anything about
it yeah this is complete chaos their
first priority seems to be taking the
ammunition and the weapons off their own
wounded there's no attempt of any sort
of first aid there's certainly not
anything like one would term command and
control there's no leaders
there
[Music]
hundreds of unarmed kibitz residents are
killed Hamas seizes large numbers of
hostages
[Applause]
as word spreads of gaps in the fence
hundreds of gens pour
through many people were able to leave
the Gaza Strip including those people
weren't even part of the
operation civilians Smugglers criminals
who thought they could make quick Buck
themselves people would go through and
just do their own thing there is a wave
of
looting a lot of people simple ordinary
people came from Gaza into the kibois
and into the area thousands entered this
area and therefore a lot of what
happened it was not you if right or
wrong I mean it was not happened only by
the
fighters many of those abducted appear
to have been taken by gazen civilians
rather than Hamas
[Music]
Fighters at kibuts near was a group of
thae laborers is caught up in the
[Music]
chaos
Wun is dragged past the room where his
Thai colleagues have been
[Music]
murdered he is placed on a motorbike and
joins a trail of people heading back
towards the Gaza Strip carrying Loot and
hostages the Israelis mobilize
helicopter gunships Hamas Fighters try
unsuccessfully to shoot them
down the Israelis later release footage
of dozens of stri
on Israeli television Pilots admit it
was difficult to distinguish gunmen from
Israeli
civilians
without guidance Pilots say they join
local WhatsApp groups to identify
targets the idea that Pilots have to get
information from WhatsApp groups is
truly remarkable it's a sign of the
initiative that people looking for any
way that they can get the
information at the same time this is an
outrage I mean what kind of a way is
that to fight a modern war
[Music]
the israelian newspaper yot arut says
that at midday the Army issues a version
of what is known as the Hannibal
directive the Hannibal directive is the
result of previous humiliations where
Israel handed over hundreds of
Palestinian prisoners in return for the
release of one Israeli
[Applause]
soldier on October 7 it seems the
Hannibal directive may have been revived
and applied even to civilian
hostages the Air Force operated during
those hours under an instruction to
prevent movement from Gaza into Israel
and return from Israel into Gaza 70
Vehicles were hit at least in some of
the cases everyone in the vehicle was
killed the Israeli military does not
deny the
report Israeli First Responders released
footage of civilians burned in a car the
car was struck from
above well to me it was inexcusable for
a helicopter or any weapon system to be
engaging any Target if you don't know
what that Target is the footage we're
looking at here which I find very
disturbing we have a lot of people here
making their way back through the breach
and the wire back into Gaza now my
concern is with this footage we cannot
tell whether they're Hamas gunmen or
civilians or possibly
hostages and I don't believe the
helicopter pilot or the machine gun
operator will be able to
tell Israel's Channel 12 later
interviews a kabut resident who was
abducted she describes coming under Fire
from a
[Music]
helicopter
this footage shows the aftermath of what
appears to be a similar helicopter
strike there were nine hostages in the
vehicle described in the Israeli TV
report one was killed the other eight
including three children
survived the hostages are later filmed
being taken to Gaza in a second
vehicle
even if you just use the belt-fed gun on
the Apache these big rounds have a
certain area effect and obviously come
at a certain rate that if you shoot at a
group of people you're most likely going
to kill
everyone you are knowingly putting your
own civilians at risk I find it very
disturbing using these sort of weapons
in an environment where you can't
distinguish and differentiate enough
between who's friend and who fo who's a
civilian who's a
combatant analysis of the I unit's list
of the Dead reveals 27 hostages who died
somewhere between their home and the
Gaza fence in circumstances that have
not been
explained Israeli Security Forces AR at
the site of the Music
[Music]
Festival
no police and army units storm kibot
seim it seems that they too may have
applied a version of the Hannibal
directive and killed
civilians Barry is the largest kibuts in
the
region
Israeli media reveals that 12 die there
when police and army open fire on a
house that contains
hostages Israel's Channel 12 speaks to
two
[Music]
survivors
this story has been ignored by Western
media many other buildings show similar
damage to the house at
Berry all the footage I've seen of the
Hamas assault across the border across
the fence into the kabut they're pretty
much only armed with light weapons this
is RPGs so rocket propell grenades and
personal
sidearms this is taken from the inside
of a house two holes in the wall here I
would say probably by some sort of heavy
weapon fired against the house most
probably a tank there's no way an RPG
and a would make that sort of damage in
this image here catastrophic structural
damage to the building clearly not
caused by a structural collapse from a
fire this was caused by some sort of
heavy weapon system during combat there
catastrophic structural damage to many
of these buildings this can only have
happened by heavy weapon systems being
used against the Kutz
itself the IE unit calculates the
1,154 Israelis and foreign Nationals are
killed on October 7 and in the days
immediately afterwards of these 256 Are
Soldiers 53 belong to the police and
other security
forces and 63 are civilian security
guards the remaining 782 victims are
unarmed the I units list of the Dead
revealed that at least 18 are killed by
Israeli ground
troops a number of other bodies are
recovered from beneath Rubble who died
in circumstances that are
unclear in the days following October 7
journalists are shown around the kibot
Sim by the Israeli
Army
this is something that monsters do not
humans Hamas Fighters and others
committed crimes on October 7 the
Israeli media however focuses not on the
crimes they committed but on crimes they
did not I'm talking to some of the
soldiers and they say what they've
witnessed as they've been walking
through these different houses these
different communities uh babies their
heads cut off that's what they said no
one could expect that it would be like
this the horrors that I'm hearing from
these these soldiers uh as I as I
mentioned earlier about 40 babies at
least were were taken out on
gurns the I units list of the Dead shows
no babies were killed in kafar AA the
kibot this report came
from the story was nevertheless picked
up by International
media and repeated by President Biden
I've been doing this a long
time I never really thought that I would
see and have
confirmed pictures of
terrorists beheading
children the White House later clarifies
that actually the president had not seen
pictures of beheaded
children a senior Israeli military
officer later speaks to journalist in
front of a burnt out house in kibuts
Berry it's the house where 12 hostages
appear to have been killed during the
assault by the Israeli police and army
inside this this uh this house were
another 15 burned people among them
eight babies in this corner there were
concentrated them and they uh killed
them and they burned
them did you see I
evacuated the list of the Dead shows
that there were no babies in the house
and Colonel vak does not tell
journalists that the casualties are
almost certainly caused by Israeli
forces 2 Days Later the regional head of
zacha a voluntary organization charged
with collecting bodies gives a different
account to Sky News of what happened at
the same house and you're talking
children two piles of 10 children each
were tied to the back burned to
death
W this
is something behind this is next
level
and I mean it's actually Indescribable
really it's Indescribable really it's
Indescribable and I won't describe
everything that I
saw this account is repeated by Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in a
conversation with President Biden they
they took dozens of children bound them
up burned them and executed them the
list of the Dead shows two 12-year-old
twins are killed when police and army
stormed the house in Barry but there are
no other
children it was a an interview we did
with Sky Television from Britain two
piles we found them in Berry two piles
of 10 children each were tied back to
back and burned to death now again I
mean if we if we look at the the death
figures at there there are only 10
children that died at
Betty not children it's but it's 18y old
uh so we all together when you look at
them and they're burned you don't know
exactly the ages so you're talking about
18y old 20 years old and uh you can't
you can't you just don't look on the
spot um identification to see the ages
or or something like
that it is not the only questionable
story that Yosi landow tells about kibot
Barry we go
further then we
see a
woman she was lying on the floor a
puddle of
blood big puddle of
blood she was a pregnant
woman
her stomach was butchered
open the baby that was connected to the
court was
stabbed and she was shot in the
back kibot Berry has denied this account
the story of the pregnant woman reported
by zacha is not relevant to Barry Yosi
landal in assists he witnessed this
scene at Barry if you want to see the
picture I have the picture of it are you
able to share the photographic evidence
with us to show you
yes where's my phone
sorry I will I will not put it in front
of the camera that's fine I'll I'll come
and
look this is the knife they used shot
killed but over the H was
the that the imagery after the bodies
had been cleared away
yes this is the
baby this is it I'm sorry to be graphic
here but I I can't see a baby here you
can't see the baby because but this is
the picture of the of the mother okay
for sure you know we didn't think when
we over there we didn't think to to to
camer everything we didn't have that
this wasn't in
our
okay all right the photo shows an
unidentifiable piece of charred
flesh the list of the Dead contains no
victim that fits Yosi landow's
description on October 7th two babies
die one is killed when a bullet is fired
through a door the other dies following
an emergency cesarian after the mother
is shot neither is burned or
beheaded you being someone who with your
own hands with your own eyes with your
nose you smelled this what would you say
to to that person who who is downplaying
what took place
here I wouldn't say
anything I would ask please give me I he
should be together with the Hamas
terrorist and he should be killed
because he's a part of
it visiting celebrities contined to be
shown baby cribs and the world continues
to be told stories about murdered
babies when you're taking babies cutting
them and tying them together and burning
them to death you're treating them less
than an animal 1300 people dead murdered
babies these bastards put these babies
in an oven and put on the oven we found
the kid a few hours later US Secretary
of State Anthony blinkin describes the
fate of two small
children family of four a young boy and
girl 6 and 8 years old and their parents
Around The Breakfast Table the father
his eye gouged out in front of his kids
the mother's breast cut off the girl's
foot amputated the boy's fingers cut off
before they were executed and then their
executioners sat down and had a meal
that's what this Society is dealing with
this story also comes from Yosi landow
and
zacha an analysis of the evidence
suggests that it is also
untrue of the 782 unarmed victims of
October 7 36 are children 13 under the
age of 12 none died in the circumstances
described by Anthony
blinkin media analyst Mark Owen Jones
tracks the spread of such stories on the
internet he believes they serve a
purpose so how as Israel do you create a
balance in in sort of saying well what
we're doing is morally right even though
we're killing way more people well you
have to emphasize the brutality because
you can't say well they we've we've
killed less than Hamas so how do you do
it well you try to make the significance
of those individual deaths even more
disgusting and objectionable if you can
activate people's sense of disgust I
think they're more likely to support for
example dire retribution against
Palestinians in December Benjamin
Netanyahu meets with zacha volunteers
and thanks them for speaking to the
world's press
it's not just stories of murdered babies
and children that are open to question
are Israel's Head of forensics describes
to Sky News the state of adult corpses
he's examed
So Many Bodies were shot but before they
were shot they were cuffed so it's
execution style you can see stab wounds
here uh at the back and on the head and
if you do CT you can see that the pelvis
is shuttered these are bullets inside so
he was shot he was stabbed he was burned
and then he was run
over the Israelis say they recovered
numerous bodies mutilated by Hamas
Fighters and others
but the evidence suggests some at least
may not be
Israelis in the aftermath of October 7
large numbers of videos of the abuse and
mutilation of Palestinian corpses are
posted
online the Israeli government later
admits that of the bodies initially
identified as Israelis were in fact
[Music]
Palestinians we originally said in the
atrocious uh Hamas attack on our people
on October 7th we had the number at
1,400 casualties and now we've revised
that down to 1,200 because we understood
that we had overestimated we we made a
mistake there were actually bodies that
were so badly burnt we thought they were
ours in the end apparently they were
Kamas terrorists
there's a lot of evidence out there
that's been produced by the Israelis
which is e either contradictory or
potentially self Haring if people were
saying oh actually we we went through
the different bodies and we realized
some of the burned bodies were actually
Palestinians and they weren't uh they
weren't our civilians that begs the
question why were they burned and who
burned them how were they mutilated and
who mutilated them a proper forensic
investigation would have to have to
clarify who killed them and and how they
were killed to me to
Israel also alleges that Hamas is guilty
of widespread and systematic rape the
Israeli government has published a video
attacking the UN and other Global
institutions for what it claims is in
action and indifference to the plight of
Israeli
women I'd like to report a crime yes I
was raped so sorry
um we are here to help tell us what
happened I was a music Music
Festival we heard gunfire and everyone
was running I started running and then
he grabbed
me he yelled something in Arabic and
then he ripped my sorry to interrupt you
you said he was yelling in Arabic yes
meline Reese is head of an international
women's rights organization don't take
it personally management decided that
all violence against Israeli is is
legitimate
resistance so sorry it's a very cheap
shot immediately upon uh the the
horrific attacks on October the 7th um
there was a response from the UN from
the commission of inquiry which already
exists to look into atrocities in the
region to say we want to come and
investigate we are ready we're willing
we're able to come and investigate um
and that was blocked that was blocked
and that's been blocked by
Israel Hamas denies that rapes occurred
on October 7th
in no case there was a
proof that there was a rap in no one
case but I am sure based on our culture
based on our
beliefs that this cannot happen
impossible to happen but there are those
who say they witnessed women being
raped one is a Survivor from the music
festival who says he saw a group of
Palestinian civilians surrounding a
woman
[Music]
for the Israeli police presents an
anonymous witness who described a
separate rape also at the Music
Festival
in another interview this witness says
she saw a total of five women raped and
gunmen walking around with the severed
heads of three women but no forensic
evidence of sexual violence has been
produced a website created by the
Israeli government to document
atrocities on October 7 contains just
one video indicative of
rape it features the body of a young
woman lying by a roadside 14 km north of
the site of the music festival she is
wearing no
underwear in December this story formed
the centerpiece of a New York Times
investigation but the report was
undermined when the woman's sister
posted on Instagram that it was
untrue yes they raped but in the case of
my sister
no the family denied that she' hadd been
raped they said it would have been
really difficult for her to have been
raped because she was in contact with
them during hamas's attack and that her
last
correspondence with them was probably
about 4 minute before she was reportedly
killed right and so they sort of say how
could she have been you know shot burnt
and raped within the space of 4 minutes
it didn't make sense one of the three
offers of the report anat Schwartz is a
former Israeli intelligence official
with little journalistic
experience she has previously liked
genocidal social media posts calling for
Gaza to be turned into a slaughter
house I believe that there was
rap in every conflict Whenever there are
men with guns intent on perpetrating
violence it is highly unlikely there
will not be sexual vience
but nothing that I've seen put forward
so far suggests that it was widespread
and systematic it's a very high bar to
actually
reach to show that it was widespread and
systematic that would have a lot more
evidence than has come to light to date
and a lot more corroborative evidence
than what has been put out
there 5 months after October 7 a report
by the UN special representative on
sexual violence and conflict concluded
their work
were reasonable grounds to believe that
conflict related sexual violence
occurred the author stressed her report
was not
investigative she urged the Israelis to
permit a fully fledged investigative
process and to Grant without further
delay access to the international
Commission of inquiry which is mandated
to investigate human rights abuses in
Israel and the occupied
territories Israel still refuses to do
so the UN report relied largely on
Israeli officials and First
Responders it stated the Visual Evidence
provided no tangible indications of
rape a conclusion supported by the I
unit's own analysis of footage and
photographs in January the Israeli
police said they were struggling to
match witness accounts with known
victims
the policewoman leading the inquiry told
the Israeli newspaper
haritz at this stage I have no specific
bodies without any credible
investigation an independent credible
investigation I don't think we can
possibly say it was widespread and
systematic essentially what we've got is
a state has instrumentalized the
horrific attacks on women in order we
believe to justify an attack on Gaza of
which the majority suffering are other
women in response to the events of
October 7 Israel launches a bombardment
of the Gaza
[Applause]
[Music]
Strip in October the 7th the first thing
I remember is that I was terrified I was
terrified because I know the Israeli
response to that whenever an Israeli man
killed they're going to kill 100 or 200
Palestinians so when I heard that the
number of Israeli
killed is over a thousand people I knew
that Israel will respond in a barbaric
way
1,154 people people were killed on
October 7 after 5 months of bombardment
around 31,000 are confirmed killed in
Gaza 27% are adult men 29% adult women
and 44%
children there are many hundreds of
babies among the
Dead
the destruction of health services in
Gaza means many of the Dead are
uncounted and the real death toll is
likely to be far
higher repeatedly accounts of rape and
the murder of babies by Hamas have been
used to justify Israel's
[Music]
actions I hear the calls for a ceas fire
tell me what what is a proportionate
response for killing of
babies for rape women and burn
them for beheading of a child the
proportional response to October 7
Massacre is a total Destruction a total
Destruction to the last one of the Hamas
killing slaughtering women children
babies
rapes uh beheading we're going to wipe
them off the map
wipe them off the face of the
[Music]
Earth this wasn't just rape this was
flat out torture I don't think there's
any way Israel can be expected to
coexist or find some diplomatic off-ramp
uh with the Savages first thing I said
to Netanyahu when this happened was
finish them finish them don't ever
forget what
[Music]
happened sexual violence and other forms
of violence being weaponized to
dehumanize an enemy and dehumanization
is important in Conflict why because
dehumanization lows the threshold by
which you will willingly agree to attack
or harm another group of people and how
do you do that well you see them as
subhuman More than 70% of those whove
died have been women and
children 70% and we know more than 160
women a day have to give birth without
adequate medical protection at all
cesarians without any sort of anesthetic
it's absolutely
barbarous it was October
22nd and uh my family were sleeping in
their home there was my father my older
brother his wife and his three children
there was also my younger brother and
there were my older sister waa and four
of her
children and there was my sister Al and
her children and there was my sister a
and her three children and they were
sleeping at uh 5 a.m. in the morning
when Israel bombed my
home and it and they were
killed 21 of them were
[Music]
killed
for the Hamas leadership the
consequences of October 7 for the
Palestinian people appear to be a price
worth paying for ending Israel's
occupation October 7th has sent a very
strong and clear message well defined
message no
one can bypass the
Palestinians no one can enjoy stability
or security as long as the Palestinians
don't or does not enjoy their own
genuine rights of Independence self-
sovereignity dignity and
freedom I regret to say that I think it
was a phenomenal success from their
point of view they put the Palestinian
issue back on the uh Regional and Global
agenda but the war is will end sooner or
later already people are coming out of
their homes and they're going to see
what Gaza looks like today and it's not
a pretty
picture and part of this
was necessary for operational reasons
and part of this was because I think
isel's been trying to make the point
that this can never happen again and
beware that this is the price you will
pay the price
paid by the Palestinians is terrible
that is true it's
Hefty but pinpoint to me one struggle
for Liberation in which there was no
costly price Vietnam how many millions
perished in Vietnam in order for Vietnam
to become free so you see there's no
easy way there is no small price
for
freedom and for Independence and the
Palestinians do understand
[Music]
that they are revenging the only thing
that they do is revenge and revenge
against who against the Palestinian
people the civilians the women the
children there going to be a trauma that
the Palestinians will never heal
from
[Music]
I